my name is Lisa Nestor and I work on our
ecosystem strategy team at the Stellar
Development Foundation and I will be
providing moderation support during our
discussions today so the the topic on
the table for this virtual round table
is a direct send proposal this is a
discussion continued from exactly two
weeks ago on April 16th and we will be
talking through and finalizing the the
direct send proposal first however I'd
love to give just a little bit of
background on what a SEP is this is a
Stellar native term and so SEP stands
for Stellar ecosystem proposal so steps
are publicly created open source
documents that live in a github
repository and they facilitate the
creation and eventual adoption of
technical standards within the Stellar
ecosystem so steps are really a dynamic
way of introducing standards and
protocols utilized in the ecosystem
built on top of the Stellar network and
in particular as new use cases evolve
throughout the Stellar ecosystem new
steps help to formalize those use cases
and make them increasingly easy to
implement and streamline between various
participants so specifically today we're
going to be talking about the direct
send sep people are also referring this
referring to this as a send receive set
and the purpose of this set is really to
enable Fiat de Fiat payments that would
be facilitated between two anchors we
also think of this as being a set to
support more traditional style
cross-border payments in which a sender
execute the transaction to receiver and
a foreign destination and really wants
that receiver to just have funds arrive
in their bank account they don't really
want to interact with a wallet or a
digital asset themselves so like a
remittance or a business payment the
transaction is executed and the receiver
can just
the funds to date there have been some
initial decisions made around this up
and we've linked to the the specific
github pull requests there and so to
move forward let me quickly introduce
our participants today we have four
different companies from the Stellar
ecosystem representatives from each of
these companies that will be joining us
so we have Anthony from tempo we have
Andy from Satoshi pay blue bemy from
Kaori claudio from inclusive and Michael
from SDF so thank you all so much for
joining us and being patient this
morning and so finally this is what
today's agenda will be we are going to
work hard to talk through each of these
line items so if you're in the stream
feel free to kind of follow along with
us and with that I will hand it over to
Michael from SDF to help kick things off
thanks thanks Lisa okay so really
quickly can't go back to the agenda yes
so last week we talked a lot about the
happy path for this proposal I think we
got it to a really good place we had
some updates from from the conversation
and I think that we're pretty happy with
where it is for the happy path where
it's simply two anchors that have you
know good financial partnerships or our
financial institutions themselves and
then what we're going to talk about
today are some additions that might be
become a part of the set or might become
a part of an additional set then make it
possible for a lot more parties to
participate in this this network of Fiat
to Fiat rails so the the first thing I'm
talking about is a well is a
multilateral kyc then if inclusive is
going to give us a an update about what
that is and I think the general idea
here is it makes a much easier way for
multiple parties to share kyc data so
everybody doesn't have to duplicate
efforts and people who
might not be able to get involved
previously can through this through this
process and then we're going to talk
about how non-custodial applications so
noncustodial wallets can start to
execute these directs and transactions
so I'm going to pass it over to clutter
you apologize if I pronounced that
incorrectly no that's fine that's fine
thank you
you're closer than this at them from us
- so what we are doing at the Cruces and
what we are trying to achieve with
multilateral kyc and what's let's say
our role in the interstellar network so
maybe you want to see if they're
focusing on compliance checks KY c KY b
and c DD continuous due diligence
monitoring and reporting but multiple k
was motivated kyc as a little bit of
background and maybe already touched in
the last discussion like each anchor for
each payment right has to do a kyc on
the sender the said if we are talking
from bank or anchor set which is on the
agenda and also the receiving anchor
from the regulatory point of view also
needs to put a YC on the on the sender
right and the center and cross on the on
the receiver so can we see multilateral
also how we are calling its EDD connect
basically we will enable through our
guess product which is also late guy
based to share this information in
medicine formation are referring to the
KYC data without any personal
information attached to it right so as
an example for example let's say one
anchor from Europe wants to do payment
to an anchor from Nigeria for example
right and the anchor from Europe already
onboard it let's say the sender using
our chests api's and then also Canada
from diner from Nigeria he's using our
our cassock that's right
so when the anchor from Nigeria will do
the center kyc basically we are not
performing another KFC check basically
we are just sharing the existing data
and let's say report and history of the
center which was already made for the
anchor from Europe right so basically
this is Casey Casey connect OCD connect
right and what this brings it to the
table it brings I think cost deductions
right because it reduce costs it also
makes the process more efficient right
because but just by enabling sharing
data also this process is almost instant
like it doesn't involve the basic LSE
check Nativity church doesn't involve
too much manual interaction but of
course it can be extended with checks
which will involve some let's say
offline processing in case of you know
you want to do extra due diligence on a
certain entity or individual also this
is multilateral AIC is not let's say
enforcing an anchor to just you know do
kyc in a single way basically it just
you just try to provide the framework
but each anchor can have its own
particularities for example to extend
kyc its own services or whatever you
know third-party tools they are using
right what else
so we already starting discussion I
think our CEO is in contact with most of
the bankers which are present right now
in the call to to agree upon let's say
requirements and use cases which all of
us try to fulfill on the Stellar Network
so yeah and we are more than welcome
everybody else wants to join this is
huge initiative
okay this exciting two reasons I think
what this gives us at least a sorry
about seasoning
okay so this excites me for two reasons
one is what you said you mention it as
cost savings and I think it's more than
that I think it enables you know the
cost savings come from right now every
anchor kind of has to be a specialist in
the KYC
of every region which is obviously a
huge cost and also just it's not going
to happen so this kind of says you know
this one company's going to focus on kyc
in different regions and now everybody
else doesn't have to so that's a cost
savings and it allows you know no no
company is going to be able to have a
team large enough to really work all
over the world and the second thing that
it does and correct me if I'm wrong here
this is this kind of goes to the the
last point in that subsection was it
enables people who may not be able to do
actual kyc people who are not financial
institutions such as Satoshi bei this
will allow them to kind of offload the
KYC process on to conclusive so when
they start a process they can get kyc
done through a regulated institution
like inclusive and all the other parties
in this multilateral agreement can
accept it and that will that will
regulatorily allow a Satoshi paid to
start creating these transactions so we
you know there's two things blocking
them one is the technical way does it
fit into the second one is the
regulatory way will other parties accept
payments that originated from a
noncustodial wallet so am I correct in
saying that this this will solve those
two problems yes you're right you're
right we provide everything everything
you said and that's room so basically
that's that's our mission you know to
provide easy access to to compliance
services and also you know to banking
integrations
and then yes also from outside that
sounds like that's what we're aiming for
cool to hear from the anchors does that
make sense
from your perspective I'm just kind of
given how you typically handle your
responsibilities anchors to myself how
much access we have two simple kyc
processor and then as long as we have
you know like access to the data and so
on and so forth we could probably still
meet the regulatory requirements saying
that yes we did do this kyc we didn't
have access to the KYC data and when you
do your own processing like you just
said this is only in your own home
country right so you still don't need to
specialize in kic for other countries
just yourself yes perhaps to meet the
referee requirement in Honduras diction
reckon each of us in country specific
and in this multilateral agreement is
that something that's allowed we're a
receiving acre can pull the data down or
is it obfuscated behind a token to have
the actual data to meet arranged to meet
the regulatory requirement so it can't
be obfuscated we have to have access to
my data and insert the situation
required to share that data with
directly interests of for example if
there's a little vest
or something like that they would need
to see the actual basis so bright we
confiscated we means actually access it
in the current situation where we
process it ourselves moving we you know
we would actually process and store my
data so it wouldn't be a office cater to
sighs my regulate so cardio is that
something that's possible with your
scheme yeah so basically just to make
things a little bit clearer you like you
know for example energy that you have
the data you want to do the KYC check on
it right so what you will do you will
just call us and we will just see if
those person were already
kyc it right and we have a report on
them and of course only if the
institution like the anchors that you
are participating in this one are
billing to share the information about
them right because each country might
have its own degree place you know in a
certain card any country maybe you are
not allowed to share the KYC information
even though if it's not a personal
information right so basically each
anchor will will own the personal
information yes we will also have it but
you will get back the the KYC data right
so we will not get anything over skated
on it right okay any data that shared
from one anchor who's part of this
multilateral agreement that data can
then be pulled down by a receiving
anchor who is also part of the
agreements exactly it's a full data
sharing agreement it's not like it's not
like we're just saying what we trust
that conclusive did it so we're we're
cool with everything we can actually
pull whatever we need down yeah yeah
exactly
cool okay that that sounds it sounds
like it
solves the problem from from Kyra's end
I don't know if Anthony from tempos and
does that sounds does that sound right
to you does this sound like it'll solve
any problems from your end it could
there's EU regulation and it's going in
place where they have to be authorized
by the EU central bank as a kyc provider
so that's something where if inclusive
would have to get this authorization
from the EU yep yep and they and it's
right now I don't think they've actually
approved anybody there's a bunch of
companies in application process but
that's the current state in EU and then
we're also doing it in Japan and in
Japan it's a little bit more lenient
they don't require this sort of
artificial intelligence on me on the
passport and ID or ID and we typically
consider the EU to be kind of one of
them the more strict jurisdictions is
that correct that's my understanding
specifically Japan and Germany in
Switzerland strictest okay and then
France comes right after I would say
okay cool
and then I mean the nice thing about
that is that's inclusive bread and
butter is to get authorized by all these
places so that everybody else doesn't
have to so okay it sounds like to me
that scheme does solve the the
regulatory issues with
satoshi pay another noncustodial waltz
being able to you know get kose data
into the system and to be trusted from
that end Lisa can you share a link to
that agenda could I could pull up
I think the next thing that we
talk about is the technical aspects of
it so I guess we can look at some more
these questions so the the strict we're
asking if the strategy works for
everybody it sounds like assuming that
inclusive gets authorization from EU to
provide this kind of data that this will
actually solve a lot of these problems
we asked about if there's any
geographies or scenarios where this may
break down and we kind of talked about
how you know in Europe things are
stricter but it doesn't it doesn't break
down as long as as long as the providing
company can can get authorized in that
geography and then if we're looking at
edge cases where this may not work I
think one of the edge cases is the case
where the receipt actually needs
some more data so you know I'm imagining
the situation where a sending client
comes in in a very lenient state
provides you know some data that might
get them access to their their
originating countries regulations but
once you're trying to send the summer
and EU the case it might be that they
need more information there they're much
stricter and so I'm curious how
inclusive would imagine is working do we
do we ask the receiving anchor to
collect more data or does conclusive say
okay well now that you're going to be
you we're gonna have to collect more
data do we have an idea how that work
yes so we had a we had a talk and
discussion internally about these and to
be honest it depends it depends on the
customer right because each customer has
as its own needs but how we want to
address it is like each customer will
let's say like a compliance customer of
ours can't define its own list of extra
fields they want to collect right
besides our core fields which we provide
by default for doing my C's KY based on
individuals and entities right and this
this is how how we are ticket to bleed
and of course if for example a field to
make sense for us also to include it by
default in the core fields we can do
this and for example I think I can give
an example as a result of the discussion
we had with Kaori for example they they
requested to have a custom field called
the BGN a bank coordination number which
is specific to Nigeria and to validate
this field we have to integrate a
specific API from from Nigeria to do
that right and then we have an internal
internal discussion and what we decided
is this is that look this is a core
field for philosophy because not only
covering is with all the entities or any
rituals from Nigeria and need this kind
of validation if you want to offer them
the the compliance check they need right
in that specific country and region so
that's one saying it depends on the case
on the case right because if if
something is can be made as a core field
we will include it as a core field and
it's enabled by all the countries so if
a customer from a certain country or
something region right if it's something
specific let's say not to a country or
region but to a company or entity or
individual it can be addressed but to
configuration so we we thought on this
and at least these are these are the two
directions we want we want to go if it
makes sense so when the POC is
originally being provided when an
originating anchor initially collects
the data are they collecting that data
with the knowledge of where it's going
to go so that they can say you know they
can tell you hey we want to send this
baby
you what do we need to collect or do
they just collect the data for their own
region and send it to you and then wait
around in the process the receiving
anchor will then ask you for the data
yeah okay so how I see this process is
that I think to the steps which are
available on the on the Stellar protocol
like each anchor will define its fields
he needs for kyc care might be right
so basically when this information is
exchanged between anchors you know each
anchor will not like for example maybe
as an anchor which is using secrecy as
compliance provider maybe will interact
with an anchor which does music it
doesn't use conclusive compliance right
and this is and 50 to correct me if I'm
wrong this is embedded in the intercepts
right to the fields you you can share
between anchors so each anchor should be
responsible to to configure these fields
even if it's a constant field for
example and maybe it's not on the I
think it's set 9 which has the list of
the fields right it still can be
requested to this exchanging of fields
right and yeah of course if it's viable
for you also can be also added on that
list right okay so it sounds like it's
it's the responsibility of the
originating in here to make sure that
they're giving you enough data so but
exactly and of course some of the fields
can be made off from some of the tea
fields can be made required right so you
can have this flexibility right to jump
away the fields cool does anyone else in
the edge cases where that scheme might
fall apart
Oh because it sounds okay but generally
what we do because well for the first
time you might not necessarily know all
his intended jurisdictions Mike gave you
my mother everywhere intends to send she
going forth but what we tend to do is as
we got a client we would say we would
often which countries or which region I
mean sending two intense eccentric now
in the future kind of thing and based on
that for example if you have payments
that are going to Europe or to include
Europe as one of their destinations then
we would try and acquire the KYC to make
the information required for Europe if
it's the u.s. we were trying to quite
finish so we take no responsibility as
an acrobat engaged payments to get the
correct information for correct
destination and it's
business-to-business payments and
there's very involving onboarding
process we can ask the client front that
okay are you going to meet with the US
Rep against the name of the European
which and that means we can we have a
better idea of what can when submission
it would meet for the destination okay
yeah I think that's all
make sense there's also the case where
for example for a very large transaction
we might you know the recent anger might
need extra data and I think this is fine
the way that it would work is in the
step right now the descending a Turk I
checked the status the transaction
periodically and it might find out about
there is actually more data needed so in
this case would they provide it directly
to the anchor or would they provide it
to inclusive and until the anchor we've
updated they're kind of kyc profile with
with extra data that you needed I
actually don't think it matters I think
both ways would work just fine
I think from my perspective and at least
how we are placed right now I think is
the anchor responsibility because
basically having seen these-- Cruces
with his compliance service sit under
the anchor is not exposed to the anchor
right because all the all what you get
exposed to the anchor is just the API
definitions which are guided by the
spiceps
right so in any set right now there is
no mention of inclusive no mention of a
compliance engine right so basically the
anchor is responsible to integrate with
inclusive through a set right a set
which collects the chaos information at
least this isn't if I'm seeing things
right now maybe in the future
think we lost you
can is everybody else still here I'm
still here yeah I think we got a just a
little yes delay there okay I do have
one or two comments or questions so I
kind of on topic one of them is you know
Michael we historically had a compliance
a compliance service or compliance
server as part of the Stellar ecosystem
stack did you all consider using that
and why or why not yeah I think that
step 3
I'm just gonna pull it up real quick
there there were aspects of it that we
used for sure and there were aspects of
it that didn't quite work this is a good
question and I think I should put some
information about the I the answer is I
would need to go back and kind of
collect the answer to that I don't I
don't have it offhand I do know that we
referenced if you're talking about step
3 we referenced it in a lot of ways but
there were a lot of hiccups to it that
made it more difficult its Anthony I can
I can I can add to that because we were
using it quite a bit to compliance ever
it's a lot the this new implementation
is a lot simpler and cleaner and this
the compliance server was a little bit
compliment complicated to implement and
it's a little bit different from these
from the other except 24 so this will
keep everything kind of in with one
authentication mechanism SEP 10 and one
kind of signing of the data gotcha that
makes sense today great and so one other
comment that all I'll bring in before we
jump back into things
you know we're talking a lot about
sharing kyc data between anchors can
anyone speak to how we ensure that this
data is treated securely as part of this
process I mean you know how how does a
consumer using an anchor know that any
personal information they share is going
to be treated securely throughout this
kind of anchor - anchor
can we see exchange process
so I think there's there's there's a few
aspects of that to look at one is
technically how is this actually secured
and but I think the more interesting
question is business-wise you know we
are sharing data between entities so how
do we ensure you know that your personal
data doesn't get sent to some shady
anchor that you know it steals it and
does whatever with it so from the
technical side I think you know
everything's obviously encrypted I think
this about this set makes it clear that
this has to be all of our steps
basically say you have to use HTTPS so
everything is cryptid over the wire
everything is authenticated using SEP 10
was a cryptographically secure way to
say that only authenticated people can
access this so people who are part of
this network have all agreed on a public
key with each other so that they can
authenticate with each other so I think
it's safe to say that for all reasonable
intents and purposes this data can only
be accessed by the parties who are
involved in this agreement now the
interesting part of the question is how
do we know who's part of this Agreement
how do we know who can actually access
our data and I think the answer to that
is you know anyone who's part of this
multilateral agreement knows who else is
part of this agreement so you are you
know as a user you're giving your data
to a company that you trust if if you're
giving your data to a company you don't
trust like all bets are off so you know
you've kind of entered into this by
saying I trust
Howry to deal with my data and
implicitly you're saying I also agree
that the people that calorie shares this
data with I also trust but we do get
into kind of a more you know that that's
a that's a much bigger leap does anyone
else have any thoughts on kind of
that the trust story here involved with
personal data
yes so from my point of view or our
point of view I think it would make a
lot of sense if the user would sign
something like a piece of data that says
I want to or I agree to share my data
with anchor X so also anchor X can later
odd ZK was he provided conclusive can
later proof that the use of was was
informed about that is that the data is
going to be shared because I signed that
piece of data so it's it's like in a
contract between two parties yeah I
think it's a much clearer story when you
know a user comes to calorie puts in
their data clearly they trust carry with
the data and then they actually go to
send the money and it says we're gonna
go through tempo I don't know if the UI
actually tells them what they're going
through but pretty much this thing I
want to put my data in for this this
this transfer from you know between
these two companies so I trust that
these two companies will will treat my
data properly the the question that
comes up is since we have this
multilateral agreement can a third
company come in and just request you
know request Michael Feldstein data from
from conclusive you know if a kind of
sketchy company gets so there's I guess
there's two questions here that I have
for the the conclusive product is does
every party be that's already involved
in the multilateral agreement have to
agree to a new party entering and then
second question can any party at any
time just requests data that's been
entered into this pool or is it only
possible when a user agrees that you
know they want that's the other party
they want involved with their data
mm-hmm so sorry for dropping off but
they have some internet issues
so so it depends to ask you a question
because I think it depends on the under
regulations for example in the u.s.
regulation by law you can share kyc data
no personal data but you can you can
search every see date right so let's say
for example if europe is the same and by
law you are allowed to share kyc data
what personal personal information data
let's say is when an anchor from us is
doing payments and transaction with an
icon from euro for example there is no
need for an agreement because we are not
sharing personal information you are
just between ke wifey data and personal
information yes kyc data for example
I've checked you on the sanction list of
ABI you're not there but it's not
showing the name it was checked right
okay I checked you own off at least or
UN list or something else you are not
there right or whatever sanctioned is or
address match or things like that so you
don't get in the KYC detain a person any
personal information but the game
actually is the result of processing the
person exactly exactly so the anchor has
to keep the personal information is just
sent them either the personal
information or either on just an
identification or a house or something
that person information we are still
working on this and if we already have
the KYC for that unique entity or person
we just share the KYC data which doesn't
contain any personal information
and again that's why I said it depends
because it depends on the regulation
like maybe some country or regions
you're not allowed to ship kyc data even
though it doesn't contains any personal
information right so for the case of
sharing personal information like like
we talked about earlier this this this
process does allow for a receiving
anchor to pull down the personal
information like with any said you know
they need to be able to share that with
regulators they need to know you know
things actually get data so does that
process for an anchor actually pulling
down personal data how is that
controlled I think that's the control of
anchor level and sub level I think you
guys already have this in the first I
think the first I think it was set three
or something with Padma Franco to anchor
in which when you were requesting
personal information for a central
entity or individual involved in the
transaction from another anchor that
anchor would had like a check on this
information like its shareable or not or
something like this right so I think the
death should be and as you guys mention
I think somebody mentioned it should be
a conflict signed between anchors right
to be able to do this either two anchors
either like but the entity or individual
level right maybe when you start in a
transaction you can ask you okay are you
willing to share your personal
information and maybe a note if you're
not willing to sell your personal
information it means that maybe the
transaction or something right
but is there any way for someone to say
I'm willing to share my personal
information with just these two entities
versus I'm willing to share my personal
information with anyone involved in the
multilateral agreement yes I think is
possible but to be honest I don't know
whose responsibility it should be like
it should be anchor responsibility to
collect this data and store it right and
to do the check okay I am I'm allowed to
share the information with this certain
entity or individual or with this
provider let's say or released anchor or
it should be thing
if responsibility to collect this data
and went on this monster that little
thing just to check if I'm allowed to
share this right okay we are not trying
to share personal information we are
trying to share kyc data right so that's
the best purpose okay it seems like an
aspect that we really need to dig into
and make sure that was a really good
question I'm glad somebody brought it up
I'm not I'm not certain that we have an
exact answer for this but it seems like
if if we're gonna have this just this
way four acres to download personal data
we're gonna need some pretty good
controls on who can actually do that
otherwise you know that's it's a broad
pool of putting your data out there so I
guess a more straightforward question is
the first one in this multilateral
agreements how does that pool grow does
does everybody in the pool have to agree
to every new addition and just one thing
Michael I do want to call attention to
the time so as much as we can eventually
move the discussion to the 0.3 I think
that that would be great to do so but
don't want to interrupt you I think I
think that was we need to dig into that
a bit we did it on the call so yeah
let's take a look at that next section
okay great so Andy did you want to give
a bit of an intro on this
yes of course so we have a bit of
unusual use case from an anchors
perspective and considering what we
discussed so far because we are a
noncustodial application and we want to
take part in that directs and process so
right now we have two approaches that we
are trying or discussing internally at
Satoshi pay and for those two processes
we have two different there's two
different flows we have two requirements
like one each how to how would we take
part and would we facilitate the direct
send even though we are not an anchor so
our use case is actually that we have a
client who is in charge of their own
funds they owned their secret key and we
want to use that iOS and API between
anchors or to another anchor so like we
one option we are looking into right now
is that basically it happens anchor -
anchor and we would need some way to
initiate the whole payment flow like we
as a third party which need a way to
tell anchor a descending anger and to
actually start a payment to anchor B
this is one option that we have the
other one is from from us from a
receiving anchors perspective that we
would basically be the sending anchor in
some sense but we would actually send
the money from the from the user's
account from the clients account or
rather the client sends it and as we're
non-custodial and for that we would need
to be able and as a direct sent proposal
of states
that the endpoint is not supposed to be
public there's like a white list of
entities that are able to to use that
endpoint usually anchors we would not
only be able to to have us white listed
as Toshi pay but we would need to be
able to have like sub accounts so like
we have a Satoshi pair identity and we
have our clients and our clients would
need like the keys of our clients would
need to be white listed to participate
in that direct indirect send I hope that
makes it half way clear even though it's
a lot to paint in in the air so maybe we
can get some kind of thoughts from
Google your Anthony about how they
imagine the ability to actually take
these as the receiving end of this yes
yeah it would be based on the piece I
think that would be the ministering
forward implementation for every key as
the initiator of a transaction which
would be such as basic customer we would
need to know that key I believe the
accent makes you stop the step turn
ostentatious key right so we can verify
that an incoming transaction was signed
by your original key so basically we
just need to know or have a process
where such a few people would register
each individual key with us maybe as
part of their onboarding process or
something so they would say okay this
key is lost to me belongs to Stassi she
paid us to one of such as she pays
customers and then we would essentially
whiteness that particular key and when
second receive API it's being called it
would need to be authenticated with step
10 so we knew that this transaction was
signed by this key which was white
listed to start so yeah I think that
would be the mystery for yes that sounds
exactly like what we had in mind and the
point like what's missing right now from
our perspective is just that we need
some some protocol how we do is a retro
string part yes essentially we need to
come up with a way to actually we could
go as far as making it suspended say
that it's the same process immiscible
with so we actually have so first off is
it okay if we go ten minutes over since
we kind of got a ten minute late start
I'm good with that
hey yep my I was just actually messaging
people about that so in fact we can go
ten or fifteen minutes over so all the
hard cutoff time being 9:45 a.m.
yesterday cool so in that regard one of
the other things that were working on
tangentially to this is the ability to
kind of pre-register kyc so we were
talking about for you know everything in
the time I hear is person-to-person one
of the other things that came up post
business-to-business payments and this
gets a lot more complicated because
business you know business KYB know your
business stuff is a lot more complicated
and less standardized than know your
customer so this is kind of a manual
process and you know we're talking to
tempo who does this manually and and so
it's important to kind of get this done
ahead of time where we can say you know
if you're gonna want to do business
let's register you ahead of time and so
we actually have not a set but kind of a
proposal that we did where it's it's
essentially an augmentation of sub-12
is the way to upload customer data to
somebody but it's it's a it's a protocol
that says I want to register an entity
here's their personal tell me what
personal data you need from them I'm
gonna give it to you and we can see if
you're happy with them yet you need more
I'll give you more data but this might
be useful
I think Andy you were on that thread
right have you seen what I'm talking
about yes
yes I commented something earlier today
actually I don't know if you saw it I
just like oh yeah sure sure
yeah so I wrote that the more I think
about it the more it occurs to me that
it would seem from a protocol level it
might even seem cleaner to separate the
actual transfer sets more from the KYC
sets that were from a kyc set so that
the KYC can be done ahead of time and if
and it could still be done in the moment
you do the transfer because you either
have not KY seed yet all the k was he
that you or the data that you supplied
it's not enough and in that case it
would just instead of just telling you
you need to provide more data and like
we do now if would basically it would be
the same but redirect you to the KYC
endpoint so that's a kyc endpoint would
become like the single source of truth
for all things kyc but of course is a
tricky topic because it would require us
to change the existing steps like step 6
step 24 also so this is a bit of a hot
topic I guess yeah definitely not eager
to make changes to step 6 - step 24
but for the process of this
if there was a protocol where somebody
could register a user linked to a
Stellar key or rather a Stellar key and
an optional memo for custodial solutions
seems like it might allow you to kind of
do this upfront registering and then
once once you know Kaori your tempo has
accepted a client based on this
registration process then you could you
know then Satoshi BAE's wallet can
initiate the transfer using that that
September
memo come her I guess in your case Ville
it'll just be a key for SEP 10 Mike said
separation of concerns set wise and this
is more the engineer talking from a
Satoshi pay perspective everything that
enables us to also do the KYC ahead of
time which was a job okay let me share
that with you boo by me I don't think I
actually sent it to you originally but I
think I think this can this can allow
for exactly what you're talking about
yeah as long as you're willing to allow
us to toship a wallet or a noncustodial
wallet to register users in this way I
think we can do that technically it
doesn't seem that complicated what
you're asking worst-case if it's if it's
really an issue to have a noncustodial
client supplies the actual okay wasted
as their personal information
worst case scenario maybe we can have a
fallback to an interactive kyc but of
course it would allow for a much
smoother on user experience if we could
supplies the actual data
yeah we've been focused really on for
this direct sends send receive stuff
we've really been focused on non
interactive because this is kind of you
know the this this is a communication
between two businesses normally if I
yeah I see what you're saying
let's try to do
the non-interactive way and if you know
if things really fall apart that we can
start to look at the interactive you
know taking a kyc form from the
receiving anchor and showing it in the
in the wallet similar to how step 24
does it I I don't actually think we're
does it I don't actually think we're
going to need to get there
really
seems like your
just gonna stay here the feels that I
need yeah that sounds good for mind okay
I feel good about that wonderful so do
we feel like we have both kind of a
short-term wave for how we want to start
testing and implementing this stuff and
then kind of a median turn plan for
building out something more kind of
sustainable or long-term I think they're
very similar approaches okay okay it's
Anthony Michael you asked me about step
I think last week mm-hmm are you
thinking of bringing that back or adding
that to this new standard or the
question I had last week was more kind
of a maintenance obstetrics so we we had
it seems like everyone the ecosystem
kind of likes to continue to use step 6
so the thing that was asking about was
just for security purposes currently
there's a lot of personal information
that's sent over a get request and in
the URL which is URLs are not really
secure they can be leaked through
browser history or whatever so we just
want to change that endpoint to be a
post request which it sounds like you
already you already did so it was two
separate it had nothing to do with this
I don't okay thank you okay great well
so were there any last items that people
wanted to discuss before before we end
the roundtable for today yeah I have one
more thing actually because I I said
more thing actually because I said
that like two paths that we are
considering right now and we discussed
the second one and this is quite
actionable but for the first
and we skipped that little bit in this
case maybe we can do it do it very
briefly and I just want to hear if
anchors have some specific thoughts on
that and this is if we were to do the
the direct sending the direct payments
directly from an anchor to another
anchor and we would just basically step
in and like we would be the party
initiating the whole flow in for the
user and we would like just connect the
dots and the user the user would then
directly like trend send a payment a
fiat payment for example to Z sending
anger and the sending anger upon arrival
sensor to the receiving anchor and it's
a it's a bit hard to explain now in such
short term but are there any hard
feelings from anchors about adding
support for something like this or not
adding it like that you allowed some
other party to kick off the floor
in this process does the sending anchor
need to know anything about what's
happening or does it simply accept
deposits and issue tokens like an anchor
has always done yes basically
so of course and the anchor stone needs
to to control like the KYC flow request
more data something like that I suppose
but apart from that it's always like
it's always been okay so what I had
understood from your flow there was you
the wallet itself would be the initiator
of the transaction and from a receiving
anchors point of view they care about
two things one we have good kyc data we
know who we're dealing with - we've
received proper payment you know we
received the tokens we expect to receive
for this payment they don't originally
they were kind of conflated where the
person who provides the KYC is the same
as the person that sends the tokens I
don't think that necessarily needs to be
true as long as both things are true
that they as long as both things are
provided good kose data and proper
payment do those actually need to you
know does
if if Satoshi they can provide kyc
either through if inclusive or through
however the anchor accepts and the
receipt anchor gets the money they
expect is that enough because if that's
the case that and the sending anchor
doesn't doesn't really need to know that
they're part of this payment protocol
they just need to know they've accepted
some Fiat they've sent a token to an
address just to say we do that right
now with some of the crypto anchors like
papaya bod and not nao BTC what exactly
what do you mean we what is that that
you do essentially we sell the client
like a nao BTC Bitcoin and then they
choose to send to the Bitcoin address
they're doing withdraw on that anchor
but it's behind the scenes the client
doesn't know okay okay that doesn't
sound too bad an address that's
whitelisted we don't really care like if
he is a client of the partner or
whatever the case same thing long as we
receive a fiat payment corresponding to
a section we don't really care as long
as it a right if the only question I
think really is do we have to connect
the income via payment with the KYC of a
particular wallet address if we have to
do that that is also possible I think it
can be done because
we were first of all we already have a
business relationship and a business
agreement with a special tree for
example and then there's going to be
white listing up one body or any one
else address so as long as we move
through that process when any
send/receive
transaction that comes in we know that
it's one that that's you launch the
strategy behind is rating whiteness
didn't we already have accuracy for it
so yeah it's a it's ounds overly
complicated to expect that this sending
you know a stunning anchor who's not
actually originating with this payment
is going to become a part of it but it
seems totally straightforward for them
to issue the tokens to the wallet and
then the wallet sends the money and in
that case it's coming from an address
that's been whitelist it has been you
know registered in kyc properly
yeah that's maybe the most the most
straightforward thing to do
cool III had one question on this
external memo field for Satoshi pay
because I've seen it before that wallets
who are initiating transfers they often
need their own reference to come in so
then essentially this two memo field is
an external memo and then then then our
memo can you explain a bit how you
should be that working oh yeah
so from our point of view like you're
referring to the external memo and the
in like the Stellar transaction memo
right exactly so we don't really care
about the Stellar transaction memo but
on pay out we would like to be able to
add a custom a custom text to the actual
bank transfer reference that text that's
attached to those bank transfers usually
we we know that of course you guys have
to have to add your own your own text
for for referencing it later I guess but
our goal is to also include some some
text or some code of ours so that the
receiving party can like the the text
that we want to add is primarily
specified by our client so if if Anthony
you are our client in this case you can
enter some some ID where you know or
case is payment X and you would enter
that in our wallet and we would sent
this to Temple on withdrawal on payout
and then the idea is that temple as this
payment acts memo that you anthony as
the user specified - is that - that
actual bank transfer text
great thank you
okay awesome so if that is kind of one
of our last trailing comments then I'm
going to go ahead and wrap this session
up I think we've had a lot of great
discussions really excited about the
progress we made on the multilateral kyc
conversation so Thank You Claudio and
also on the non-custodial wallet
integration into the direct sub
transaction so lots of stuff there I
know that there were a few points that
we are going to need to follow up on
that's the nature of these discussions
so things will continue to be dynamic
but thank you so much everyone for your
time and participation today
and thanks for everybody who is tuning
in thank you sir thanks all right
you